added release notes for 10.15.0.418 (#256)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-15-0/applications-10-15-0-bundle/10-15-0-418.md

---
weight: 15
title: Release 10.15.0.418
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.15.0.413 - 10.15.0.418-->

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>

> <td>Cleaning the filter of the datapoint selector via the cross in the search field has been fixed to actually update the corresponding list.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Cleaning the filter of the data point selector via the cross in the search field has been fixed to actually update the corresponding list.</td>

```
